---


---

<h2 id="about-the-product"><strong>About The Product</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Product evolution</strong></p>
<p>During the first delivery of the project, our product started as software designed to serve as a tool to facilitate the organization and management of calculations for the nutritional requirements of patients in need of a dietary plan. To make this work, the software will handle the precise calculations of the patient’s personal nutritional requirements. Similarly, it will provide a recording and storage system where the user can access and organize files, records, and documents that may be generated, keeping everything at their fingertips in one place.</p>
<p>For the second delivery, the software essentially continued with the same purpose, but now added the functionality of cloud service so that the user can access their documents and files from any internet-connected device.</p>
<p>In the third delivery, the software maintained its objective, as well as the functions that were added throughout this process, eventually being defined as software that holds value in the facilities it provides for the management of files necessary for nutritional care.</p>
<h2 id="usersclients"><strong>Users/clients</strong></h2>
<p>The main users for this software are nutrition professionals aiming to provide efficient and comprehensive nutritional care to patients attending consultations. The nutrition professional will need to input specific patient data and information into the software for it to function correctly.</p>
<p>User Profile:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p><strong>Professional Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The user has a professional background in the field of nutrition or a related field.</li>
<li>Familiarity with national and international dietary guidelines and recommendations.</li>
<li>In terms of age, they are considered a young adult, making it easier to handle if the user is already familiar with this type of software.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Related Experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Practical experience in assessing the nutritional health of individuals.</li>
<li>Knowledge in designing personalized meal plans based on patient needs.</li>
<li>Experience in monitoring and adapting nutritional treatment plans.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Communication Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Interpersonal skills to effectively interact with patients.</li>
<li>Ability to explain dietary recommendations clearly and understandably.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Technology Knowledge:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with the use of specific nutritional software.</li>
<li>Skills to input and manage patient data on the platform.</li>
<li>Ability to interpret and analyze reports generated by the software.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Adaptability:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Willingness to adapt to technology and software updates.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
<h2 id="value-proposition">Value Proposition</h2>
<p><strong>An identified need</strong></p>
<p>With the use of this software, the aim is to make the management of files, documents, records, and nutritional data easy, fast, and efficient. The cloud functionality is implemented to ensure that these files and documents, which encompass the patient’s nutritional history, including editable medical records and requirement calculations, are always accessible. Once the user inputs the necessary data, the software will generate a personalized record that is saved in the cloud for access whenever needed, even from another device, simply by logging into their personal account.</p>
<p><strong>What does this product include that others don’t?</strong></p>
<p>In accordance with this, five points were established to describe the software’s value proposition:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Remote Access and Collaborative Working:</strong></p>
<p>Professionals can access patient information from anywhere at any time, facilitating remote collaboration and improving work efficiency.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Security and Confidentiality:</strong></p>
<p>Patient information is securely stored on cloud servers with advanced security measures, complying with privacy and confidentiality standards.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Efficient Document Management:</strong></p>
<p>Efficient organization and management of files, medical records, meal plans, and other documents related to patient nutrition.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Process Automation:</strong></p>
<p>Time savings through the automation of repetitive tasks, such as monitoring diet changes, appointment reminders, and report generation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Continuous Updates:</strong></p>
<p>Regular software updates and technical support to ensure smooth operation and an optimal user experience.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why is it considered original?</strong></p>
<p>We consider that the proposed product is original, since although there are currently similar software available, ours stands out for incorporating all these functionalities described above in a single place for the user.<br>
Thanks to this integration, it will enable users to have a secure site and a more organized, comfortable, and comprehensive working ecosystem compared to the current one.</p>

